Make ERC20Votes independent from ERC20Permit (#3816)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts: CHANGELOG.md

 * `TimelockController`: Changed the role architecture to use `DEFAULT_ADMIN_ROLE` as the admin for all roles, instead of the bespoke `TIMELOCK_ADMIN_ROLE` that was used previously. This aligns with the general recommendation for `AccessControl` and makes the addition of new roles easier. Accordingly, the `admin` parameter and timelock will now be granted `DEFAULT_ADMIN_ROLE` instead of `TIMELOCK_ADMIN_ROLE`. ([#3799](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/pull/3799))
 * `ERC20Votes`: This contract will not inherit from `ERC20Permit`, it have its own nonces for delegation and direct inheritance from EIP712. [#3816](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/pull/3816)

## Unreleased

 * `ReentrancyGuard`: Add a `_reentrancyGuardEntered` function to expose the guard status. ([#3714](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/pull/3714))
 * `ERC20Votes`: optimize by using unchecked arithmetic. ([#3748](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/pull/3748))
 * `Initializable`: optimize `_disableInitializers` by using `!=` instead of `<`. ([#3787](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/pull/3787))

>  * `Nonces`: This is a new contract to keep track of nonces and substitute the `_nonces` storage variable inside `Votes` contract. ([#3816](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/pull/3816))

Reviewer: Please move this to the right section.

Reviewer 2: 3

## Unreleased (Breaking)

 * `TimelockController`: Changed the role architecture to use `DEFAULT_ADMIN_ROLE` as the admin for all roles, instead of the bespoke `TIMELOCK_ADMIN_ROLE` that was used previously. This aligns with the general recommendation for `AccessControl` and makes the addition of new roles easier. Accordingly, the `admin` parameter and timelock will now be granted `DEFAULT_ADMIN_ROLE` instead of `TIMELOCK_ADMIN_ROLE`. ([#3799](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/pull/3799))

>  * `ERC20Votes`: This contract will not inherit from `ERC20Permit`, it have its own nonces for delegation and direct inheritance from EIP712. [#3816](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/pull/3816)
> 
>  * `Nonces`: This is a new contract to keep track of nonces and substitute the `_nonces` storage variable inside `Votes` contract. ([#3816](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/pull/3816))

Reviewer: Reworded to lead with the verb and be more direct.

```suggestion
 * `ERC20Votes`: Changed internal vote accounting to reusable `Votes` module previously used by `ERC721Votes`. Removed implicit `ERC20Permit` inheritance. [#3816](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/pull/3816)
 * `Nonces`: Added a new contract to keep track of user nonces. Used for signatures in `ERC20Permit`, `ERC20Votes`, and `ERC721Votes`. ([#3816](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/pull/3816))
```
